Organize control plane update page (#3708)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/upgrade/index.md

### Control plane upgrade

The Istio control plane components include: Citadel, Ingress gateway, Egress gateway, Pilot, Galley, Policy, Telemetry and
Sidecar injector.  Choose one of the following two **mutually exclusive** options to update the control plane:

{{< tabset cookie-name="controlplaneupdate" >}}
{{% tab name="Kubernetes rolling update" cookie-value="k8supdate" %}}

> You can also use Kubernetes’ rolling update mechanism to upgrade the control plane components.

Reviewer: you can also is odd wording.  This is an either/or.

> You can also use Kubernetes’ rolling update mechanism to upgrade the control plane components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use Kubernetes’ rolling update mechanism to upgrade the control plane components.
```

### Control plane upgrade

The Istio control plane components include: Citadel, Ingress gateway, Egress gateway, Pilot, Galley, Policy, Telemetry and
Sidecar injector.  Choose one of the following two **mutually exclusive** options to update the control plane:

{{< tabset cookie-name="controlplaneupdate" >}}

> {{% tab name="Kubernetes rolling update" cookie-value="k8supdate" %}}

Reviewer 3: I made an update this morning, for tabs please use {{< instead of {{% from now on.

The rolling update process will upgrade all deployments and configmaps to the new version. After this process finishes,
your Istio control plane should be updated to the new version. Your existing application should continue to work without
any change. If there is any critical issue with the new control plane, you can rollback the changes by applying the yaml files from the old version.
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Helm upgrade" cookie-value="helmupgrade" %}}
If you installed Istio using [Helm and Tiller](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/helm/#option-2-install-with-helm-and-tiller-via-helm-install),
the preferred upgrade option is to let Helm take care of the upgrade:

> 1. To keep updated all the Istio [Custom Resource Definitions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/#customresourcedefinitions) (CRDs), you must upgrade the `istio-init` chart. If the chart doesn't exist you must install the new release.

Reviewer: `If the chart doesn't exist you must install the new release` reads poorly - I have difficiulty (puttinig myself in the shoes of someone upgrading) understanding what this means.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade the `istio-init` chart to update all the Istio [Custom Resource Definitions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/#customresourcedefinitions) (CRDs).
```

Reviewer 2: The `If the chart doesn't exist ...` part isn't needed, because the earlier section already tells the user to download the release and change to the root directory.

> 

Reviewer: might add a callout here about enablement of certmanager.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm upgrade --install istio-init install/kubernetes/helm/istio-init --namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

1. Check that all the CRD creation jobs completed successfully to verify that the Kubernetes API server received all the CRDs:

>     {{< text bash >}}

Reviewer: need a boilierplate for these checks.  I'll try to tackle that post-release and we can backport.

Reviewer 2: I tried this, but boilerplate in numbered lists didn't work. It disabled all copy buttons from that point on in the doc. Martin has some fixes in #3706 that may fix it, if you want to try again.
```
1. {{< boilerplate check-crd-count >}}
```
check-crd-count.md
```
Verify that all `58` Istio CRDs were committed to the Kubernetes api-server using the following command:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl get crds | grep 'istio.io\|certmanager.k8s.io' | wc -l
    58
    {{< /text >}}
```

Reviewer: thanks @frankbu.  I'll give that a go post release after a rebase on top of geeknoid's site infra changes.

Reviewer 3: I think boilerplates are fully composable with lists now.

    $ kubectl get job --namespace istio-system | grep istio-init-crd
    {{< /text >}}

1. Upgrade the `istio` chart:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm upgrade istio install/kubernetes/helm/istio --namespace istio-system

>     {{< /text >}}

Reviewer: migiht consider addinig a warninig callout in the future about helm upgrade failed scenarios.  As in what to do next.  @howardjohn has some workaround findings here.
